We have to do this every hour?
Gas breaks down over time.
This stuff's almost water.
Back in the day,
we'd drive 10, 12 hours on one tank.
- You could go anywhere.
- So where'd you go?
Pretty much nowhere.
Nice! How does that work?
It's a siphon.
It's when liquid...
travels against gravity
- because pressure...
- You don't know.
I know it works.
No wandering.
Okay.
This is your fault then.
"It doesn't matter how much
you push the envelope
it'll still be stationery."
No Pun Intended
Volume Too by Will Livingston.
"Volume Too." Look. You get it?
- "Too"? Like, T-O-O.
- Oh, Jesus.
"What did the mermaid wear
to her math class?"
"An algae bra."
Like, algae bra.
- "I stayed up all night
- No.
Wondering where the sun went
and then it dawned on me."
- Feel free to wait in the truck.
- Okay
but just know,
you can't escape Will Livingston.
He'll be back.
There's nothing you can do
to stop him.
Must've been some truck.
Yeah, they used to stick
big-ass plows on them
and clear the roads
for their tanks and such.
I wanna see a tank.
You will.
Tanks, choppers, all that stuff
but they'll fight the wrong enemy.
Just scattered around now.
I got something.
Here. This make you all nostalgic?
This is actually before my time.
- Great.
- It's a winner, though.
Oh, man.
Got something else.
It's light on the reading,
but it has some interesting pictures.
No... put that back.
That's not for kids. Ellie.
How would he even walk around
with that thing?
- Please get rid of it.
- Hold your horses.
I wanna see
what all the fuss is about.
Why are all these pages
stuck together?
- The...
- I'm just fucking with you.
Bye-bye, dude!
All right.
That's enough for today.
- Slow down.
- This is slow.
What am I even eating?
That is 20-year-old
Chef Boyardee ravioli.
- That guy was good.
- I actually agree.
How long are we staying out here?
I figure I'd sleep tonight
and drive tomorrow all day,
all night
get us to Wyoming by next morning.
So can we start a fire?
I'm freezing.
Now, why am I gonna tell you no?
Because infected will see the smoke.
No. Fungus isn't that smart.
This is too remote
for infected, anyway.
People?
So, what are they gonna do?
Rob us?
Well, they'll have
way more in mind than that.
Okay.
Actually smells kind of good.
Well, that would be Frank's then.
Joel.
- Joel!
- What?
- Can I ask you a serious question?
- Yeah.
Why did the scarecrow get an award?
Because he was outstanding
in his field.
You dick!
- Did you read this?
- No.
Now go to sleep.
Those people you said...
there's no way
anyone knows we're here, right?
No one's gonna find us.
Okay.
What the fuck is that?
You don't like coffee?
Is that seriously what those
Starbucks in the QZ used to sell?
Well, theirs was a lot fresher
than what Bill saved up
but, yeah, this is what they sold.
Smells like... burnt shit.
Eyes on the map.
76 west, and then...
70 west for, like, ever.
Where in Wyoming
did you say your brother was?
Last contact came through
a radio tower close to Cody.
Cody.
Cody... Cody. Man.
That is deep up in there.
- Yeah.
- And if he's not there?
Then odds are
he'll be near a settlement
probably close to another city
out there.
Ain't too many of them in Wyoming.
Chee-Yen.
- Cheyenne.
- Che... Really?
Cheyenne, Laramie...
Casper?
What's his name?
- Whose name?
- Your brother.
- Tommy.
- Younger or older?
- Younger.
- Why isn't he with you?
- A long story.
- Is it longer than 25 hours?
Because I think that's what we got.
Tommy's what
we used to call a joiner.
Dreams of becoming a hero.
So he enlisted in the Army
right out of high school.
A few months later,
they ship him off to Desert Storm.
It's what they called that war.
It doesn't matter.
Point is, being in the Army didn't
make him feel much like a hero.
Cut to 12 years later,
outbreak happens.
He convinces me to join a group
making their way up to Boston
which I did,
mostly to keep an eye on him
keep him alive.
It's where we met Tess.
And that whole crew, we...
Well, for what it was, it worked.
And then Tommy meets Marlene.
She talks him
into joining the Fireflies.
Same mistake he made when he was 18.
Wants to save the world.
Pipe dream.
Him, Fireflies, all of them...
delusional.
'Course, last I heard,
he quit the Fireflies too.
So now he's on his own
out there and...
I gotta go get him.
If you don't think
there's hope for the world
why bother going on?
I mean, you gotta try, right?
You haven't seen the world,
so you don't know.
You keep going for family.
- That's about it.
- I'm not family.
No.
You're cargo.
And I made a promise to Tess.
And she was like family.
- What if you don't find him?
- I will.
- How do you know?
- I'm persistent.
You got up pretty early.
If you wanna grab more sleep...
I'm not even tired.
Stay put.
- Where are we?
- Kansas City.
How far back do we have to go
to get around this?
Screw it.
What are you doing?
We can jog right around this tunnel
take the next ramp
and we're back on the road,
minute tops.
Where the fuck is the highway?
I can't tell from this.
I'm all turned around.
Don't look at the state map.
Look at the inset.
I don't know
where we are in that either!
This is my second day
in a fucking car, man.
I mean, I think we're heading north?
It's gotta be the right.
What the fuck?
Stop!
Is that the QZ?
Where the fuck is FEDRA?
Hey!
Please help!
Put your seatbelt on.
- Aren't we gonna help him?
- No.
Fuck!
- Go... go!
- Joel!
Fuck!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- You're not hurt? Nothing?
- I don't think so.
Belts off. Fast!
Let's see you, motherfucker!
Give us your shit,
you'll make it through this!
We promise!
Hey, you see that hole?
Can you squeeze through?
Last chance!
When I say go,
you crawl to that wall
and you squeeze through,
and you don't come out
until I say, okay?
And they're not gonna hit you.
Look at me!
They're not gonna hit you.
You stay down, you stay low,
you stay quiet.
- Okay.
Go!
Fuck!
You motherfucker!
Now you're gonna fucking pay!
What you fucking did?
You fucking killed yourself,
motherfucker!
No...! It's okay. It's okay.
It's over.
We're not fighting anymore.
I'm gonna go home.
I'll tell everyone you're good.
I don't know what to do.
My legs don't work.
My mom isn't far,
if you can get me to her.
We could trade with you guys.
We could be friends. I didn't know.
I'm Bryan. I'm Bryan.
What's your name?
Wait...
You can have it. It's a good knife.
Get back behind the wall.
No... I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Please... we could just talk.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Please, please. No... please!
No, please! Please! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry! Please!
You don't have to.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Please! No... we can just talk.
We can just talk. Mom... Mom!
Ellie, I gotta get in there.
I can't fit through.
There's some stuff against the door.
Can you move it?
- Let's go. Fast.
- Right.
I'm okay.
I'm good.
I got some food in here still,
and I got your light still.
What now?
- We go up.
- To get a better look?
Hopefully, we spot a clear route out.
Stay close.
Got it.
Bryan! Bryan!
Body, body!
They got fucking Bryan!
I told you. I was alone.
I haven't seen any of those people
since that night.
What else do you want me to say?
I don't know. The truth?
Kathleen.
The Bergquists, hmm? No?
Mark Anthony Halpin.
Carrie Schreiber.
You haven't seen them?
The Chans. Henry Burrell.
Okay.
You know where Henry is.
"Lawyer.
Medical attention.
Family visit."
I wonder if this is the cell
where my brother was beaten to death.
Oh, you were wronged.
And I'm sorry.
But this has gone too far.
It has to stop.
It has to stop now, you mean?
Now that you're in the cell.
But before, people dying was okay.
When you were safe and protected
and ratting on your neighbors
to FEDRA.
They put a gun to my head.
There.
Have I satisfied
the necessary conditions
- for you to talk?
- Kathleen, for God's sake.
I delivered you.
I held you in my hands.
I never told them anything
about your brother.
But Henry did.
And we know
that he's still in the city.
And I think that you know that too.
Where is he?
You think I won't do it?
I'm your doctor.
Who did this?
We think it was outsiders.
We found a truck, loaded.
It's not a FEDRA vehicle,
but they were heavily supplied.
Could be mercs.
Well, if Henry has a radio,
maybe he found someone out there.
Maybe he called these guys in.
Will he live?
What if I had a doctor?
There's no chance. I'm sorry.
Open it.
This is Henry's work.
Understand?
And he won't stop until we stop him.
Find who did this.
Find every collaborator
and kill them all.
They're not FEDRA,
and they're not Fireflies.
So who are they?
People.
Are we okay in here?
For a little bit, maybe.
Looks like they're checking out
apartment buildings first.
But they'll be coming through
these places soon enough.
There's a really tall building, like,
four blocks away.
- Yeah, saw it.
- So that's the one?
As soon as we don't hear a truck,
we move.
Fast as we can.
Are you okay?
I'm all right.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Thing is, is I didn't hear
that guy coming, and...
You shouldn't have had to...
- You know.
- Well, you're glad I did, right?
You're just a kid.
You shouldn't know
what it means to...
It's not like you killed him.
But...
shooting or...
I know what it's like
the first time that you hurt
someone like that.
If you...
- I'm not good at this.
- Yeah, you really aren't.
I mean, it was my fault.
You shouldn't have had to...
and I'm sorry.
It wasn't my first time.
Show me your grip.
Finger off the trigger.
- Now, who taught you that?
- FEDRA school.
Figures.
Your thumb
over your thumb.
Left hand,
squeezes down on the right.
You got it?
There you go.
Look it.
Okay?
You put it in your pack.
You'll shoot your damn ass off.
We'll get through this.
I know.
No sign of them. You?
Yeah.
They're out of food.
Henry won't let Sam starve.
Double the guards
around our provisions.
- He's fucking close. I can feel it.
- Yeah.
What?
Fuck.
When do we tell the others?
Not yet.
Let's just handle
what we have to handle.
- We can deal with this after.
- Kathleen.
After.
Seal off the building for now.
Okay?
Yeah.
You're just gonna put your foot here.
One, two...
- Oh, shit...
- Straighten up. I got you.
- Okay, I'm in.
- Take a look around first.
Ellie.
Goddamn it.
Where would you be without me, huh?
- By now, Wyoming.
- Oh, yeah. Walked into that one.
All right, we'll make our way up
and come morning, I'll take a look
at the city and find our way out.
- We're going up 42 flights?
- 45.
But no.
- Not all the way.
- How far?
As far as I can make it.
Hey, you know that guy
who said he was hurt?
How did you know it was an ambush?
I've been on both sides.
It was a long time ago.
We did what we needed to survive.
You and Tess?
And the people we were with.
My brother too.
Did you kill innocent people?
Come on.
Holy shit.
- Yeah.
- 33 floors. That's good.
It's gonna have to be.
- Come on.
- Give me a minute.
Get up, you lazy ass.
Lazy ass.
56 years old, you little shit.
Joel?
Joel.
Joel!
- What?
- What are you doing?
I don't want someone
sneaking up on us
while we're sleeping.
Oh, I get it. Crunch...
Are you sure you're gonna hear it?
Of course, I'll hear it.
That's the damn point.
Okay.
Well, good night.
Yeah, good night.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
When we were talking
about hurting people
what did you mean
it wasn't your first time?
I don't want to talk about it.
All right.
You don't have to.
I'm just saying...
it isn't fair, your age
having to deal with all of this.
So it gets easier when you get older?
No, not really.
But still.
The reason I asked whether
you'd hear the glass or not
is because I've noticed
you don't hear too well
from your right side.
Is it 'cause you were shot there?
Probably more from shooting.
So if you wanna keep your hearing,
you stick to that knife.
Joel?
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
- What?
- Yeah.
It runs in your jeans.
Jesus.
That is so goddamn stupid.
- You laughed, motherfucker.
- I didn't laugh.
- Yes, you did.
- Jesus, I'm losing it.
You're losing it big time.
- Go to sleep.
- You go to sleep.
Joel?
Joel!